Geometric field implementations (#55)
exasim-project/NeoFOAM: doc/basics/containers.rst

BoundaryFields
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

> The `BoundaryFields` class is used to store the boundary conditions of a field. The `BoundaryFields` class is implemented in the ``BoundaryFields.hpp`` header file and store the boundary conditions in a general container that can be used to present different boundary conditions: Mixed, Dirichlet, Neumann. The class uses the same of set approach to loop over the boundary patches

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `BoundaryFields` class is used to store the boundary conditions of a field. The `BoundaryFields` class is implemented in the ``BoundaryFields.hpp`` header file and stores the boundary conditions in a generic container that can be used to represent different boundary conditions: Mixed, Dirichlet, Neumann. The class uses the same of set approach to loop over the boundary patches
```
Also something missing in the last sentence 
> The class uses the same of set approach to loop over the boundary patches
